MSG
What is this?
Well, it's a godsend.
The ingredients are incredibly complex.
Hundreds of species
And it has gone through 99810 processes.
It takes more than three years to refine
Put it in any dish
Can be turned into a delicious meal
Then why don't you give the MSG to Dewang soon?
This king wants to cook for his father every day
How can such a precious thing be easily hummed to you?
How much do you want? I can't afford it
Ah a little broken bag
You actually want a thousand taels?
Not a thousand taels
Could it be that you want 10,000 taels of me?
10,000 taels won't do.
let go
10,000 taels is not enough.
Could it be that you want a million taels?
But
Good fifty thousand taels
I won't give you any more.
I mean one hundred taels.
King Liang's Filial Piety
It's so touching.
Wang Xun
You cook well
Go ahead.
What do you want me to reward you with?
Great, great.
Here comes the chance to be the concubine